add changelog files (#3060)
plentymarkets/plugin-ceres: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

# Release Notes for plentyShop LTS

## v5.0.41 (2021-10-20) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plugin-ceres/compare/5.0.40...5.0.41" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><b>Overview of all changes</b></a>

### Added

> + A new LayoutContainer "Ceres::PageDesign.AfterOpeningHeadTag" was added. @FelixRies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The LayoutContainer "Ceres::PageDesign.AfterOpeningHeadTag" was added. @FelixRies
```

### Changed

> * Rebranding **Ceres** is now promoted as **plentyShop LTS**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rebranding: **Ceres** is now promoted as **plentyShop LTS**.
```

### Fixed

* In the standard login template, the input of the guest login modal was not focused after opening. This has been fixed.

> * In the assistant it was not shown that the order properties were activated. This has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The assistant didn't show when the order properties were activated. This has been fixed.
```
